Today I'm going to be running you
through Hermes AI agent, exactly how to
use it, how it works step by step, how
you can use this to automate and build
anything that you want to, and some of
the best use cases for getting started
with this. Now, you can install Hermes
AI Gym in literally 60 seconds. It's
super easy. You just follow the terminal
commands right here, and then you can
get started. And from everything that
I've tested, I've tested, you know me,
you've probably seen my videos, like
I've tested pretty much every single AI
agent out there in the world, and this
is by far the most practical and useful
and the most autonomous. In fact, it's
to the point now where it actually
shocks me in terms of what it can do.
And also, it's so powerful in terms of,
you know, it it can almost do anything
that I throw at it, right? And also,
this is open- source is it's built by
one of the most respected AI research
labs in the world, News Research, and
it's a self-improving agent. So, the
cool thing about this is the more you
use it, the more powerful it gets, the
better it gets, the smarter the prompts
get, the smarter the skills get. And
I'll show you some real automations in
terms of what I'm doing and what I'm
building with it directly today. It's
it's super powerful. I I can show you an
example right now to be fair. So if we
have a look for example at my Twitter
account over here right you see this
Twitter account right here it's now
actually posting directly to Twitter
like you can see on this account right
so this is a fully um fully AI
autonomous Twitter account that's just
posting content um and and creating like
really good content like better than I
could actually create it. So, it comes
up with a nice headline. It writes the
content itself. It writes a nice little
story about how I'm using Hermes AI
agent. And then it even adds a image
right here. And I'll talk you through
how to do stuff like this because it's
absolutely wild how powerful this is and
how easy it is to use. And also, if
you're using something like, for
example, I mean, look at that. That's
already got 400 views and it's just been
posted today, right? It's crazy stuff.
This is on like a brand new uh X
account, a new Twitter account, like you
can see. And it's just he's posting
content. is creating awesome tweets that
are actually super useful. Creating
awesome hooks on the actual tweets
themselves and this is fully automated
with the power of Hermes AI agent. You
can see for example here, here's another
post it did earlier, right? So, this is
another one and it just created like a
step-by-step tutorial on how to use
itself. So, there's all sorts of stuff
you can do with this. All sorts of crazy
use cases for this. And if you're
wondering, okay, how do I get started?
How do I use this? What can I use it
for? Are there any road maps for using
this, etc. I'll guide you through it in
a second. So, let's come on to this and
I'm going to guide you through the
powerful way to get this set up. Now, if
you're wondering, okay, what is Hermes
AI agent? Well, let me talk you through
it. It's a self-improving AI gym by News
Research, right? So, it's not like a
it's not like Chat GBT for example. You
don't go back and forth with it just,
you know, using it as like a glorified
Google. This is something way more
autonomous, way more powerful. It's a
full automation engine that's running
24/7, learning from its own experiences,
creating its own skills, and then I've
got it plugged into Telegram, which
means that it can actually uh it can
actually reply to me and and answer me
in real time, that sort of thing. Right
now, also, you get builtin schedule
tasks. So, for example, if we go back to
this Twitter account right here where
it's posting, right, you can see that
it's scheduling uh posts like every 30
minutes, like you can see. And this this
does the same thing on my Instagram too.
So I I can show you an example of how
it's working on Instagram. But yeah,
it's it's doing something similar on
there too. And even for example on Tik
Tok and other platforms. Like it's it's
a full-on marketing machine. And it's
not just useful for marketing as well.
Like it it's helping me with SEO. It's
helping me with automating pretty much
every process I throw at it. And the way
that I'm using this, let me talk you
through the the step-by-step process. So
when I'm using something like Hermes AI
agent, I basically look at okay, what am
I spending time on or what is my team
struggling with that would be way more
powerful if I got something like this to
help me, right? And so that's basically
how we use Hermes or any sort of AI
agent. We analyze, okay, where are we
spending time and then how can we
automate directly with something like
Hermes or directly with something like
for example um AI agents like OpenClaw,
right? But there is a big difference
between OpenClaw and Hermes. So I'll
give you an example, right? So Hermes it
actually I mean look at this like like
so Hermes is running in the cloud right?
So it's running for example with my
telegram and so I don't need it running
locally. There's actually like a setup
with Hermes where it can basically um it
can basically like just answer me inside
Telegram directly, right? So you can see
an example right here, right, where it's
it's responding to me in Telegram. Now
it's not running inside my terminal. It
it was installed locally, but I don't
even have terminal open right now. And
that's the power of this is it's running
fully 24/7 locally. Now that's quite
different to something like for example
OpenClaw. If you look at OpenClaw,
right, this is a gateway for openclaw.
You can see it's not running. Now why is
that down? It's down because I haven't
got my terminal open with openclaw
running right now. Right. And so that's
a big difference right here in terms of
like how it works, what you can do, etc.
Now, also you can see here that the way
that Hermes replies to me, right, is it
it's very it feels like a very sort of
autonomous um AI agent. It's like, you
know, you're right, looking at the
scheduled tasks, this needs to improve.
Here's how we're going to do it. And
it's very focused on solutions, not
problems. If you ask something like open
clause sometimes to to help you fix
something, it really struggles. Whereas
if you're using something like Hermes AI
agent, it's a lot more autonomous, it
focuses a lot more on solutions, not
problems, and it just seems to fix
things, right? It seems to like make a
mistake, but that's okay because it's
not going to make it again, right? So
you can see, for example, here it's
like, here's the problem. Here's the
solution, and here's how we're going to
fix it next time. For example, with
this, it was looking at Twitter. It's
analyzing my content and going, "Yeah,
it feels it could be better. It's not as
good as it should be." So here's what
we're going to do next. And so now it's
actually created a new update to the
skill MD file. And you can see here it's
like it's going to work again in 30
minutes and I'll send you the link
later. Right? And so this is basically
how it works for everything that we're
using it for. That's what I mean by
self-improving skills. It's constantly
updating it skills MD files and it's
writing new skills based on what it
needs to improve as well. Now
additionally, you can now with the new
update from Hermes. This just got
announced today. With a new update from
Hermes, what it can actually do now is
it can for example take backup API keys.
And what that means, for example, is
like if one of your APIs fails, which it
can sometimes, you can have a backup. So
you could have, for example, Miniax
running, which I do, Minax M 2.7, and
then if it fails, I could have, for
example, Kimmy as a backup, or I could
have 200 different models on open rout.
Or could I even have like the news
portal, right, which is the um which
actually like the the the AI models that
news research have built, right? So the
founders of Hermes agent are again one
of the most respected AI labs in the
world and they've created their own AI
agents that you can use called Hermes,
right? If you actually go to open router
and check this out, type in Hermes over
here, right? You'll see there's a bunch
of models that you can get access to,
right, with Hermes. And you can plug
this into your Hermes AI agent and then
start working them right here. And
there's something even uh something even
more interesting with this, right? Which
is the there's a new model from China,
Alibaba's Quen 3.6 Plus, which is in
preview. Now, why is that useful? It's
useful because it's free. And this is a
flagship model. This is a frontier model
from Alibaba and it's got a million
token context window, right? So, a
million token context window. And this
is free to use, right? So you don't need
to pay for the API, but you can plug
this into your AI agent. So you can use
this inside open claw. This literally
just dropped today and Quen 3.5 was
already pretty good. Quen 3.6 plus
preview is free to use with a bigger
token context window. And you can just
plug it into your APIs. Now the other
cool thing about this is it's designed
for agentic coding. It's designed for
agentic tasks, right? Where would you
use an agentic API? You would use it
inside something like open claw or for
example something like claude code or
Hermes agent right and you can see the
top five apps that being used with
Alibaba right now are Hilo code open
claw klein claude code and Hermes agent
now if you actually check out the usage
stats of Hermes agent it is popping off
right it it is getting more and more um
more and more people are using it and
it's becoming more and more popular now
I actually use Miniax M2.7 with it right
now Hunter Alpha would be quite an
interesting one, but I think that's
actually been removed from the market
now. It's actually I think it turned out
to be GLM 5.1 Turbo if I remember
correctly. The main point is like you
can plug in whatever API you want into
this and bear in mind this is number two
in personal agents, right? So you can
see here openclaw is number one, Hermes
agent is number two and a lot of people
particularly on Twitter are moving over
from from open core to Hermes agent. One
of the best things about the setup with
well they actually have for migrating
over. So for example type this in your
terminal once you've installed Hermes
you can type Hermes claw migrate and
that will actually migrate everything
over from Hermes uh sorry from openclaw
directly to Hermes AI agent right there.
Founder says hello good to see you here
sir. So that's basically how I'm using
it how I how I automate with it. what
sort of tools you can use with it as
well directly. I'm actually going to
grab an API key from uh open router and
then I'm going to plug it into Hermes
agent and I'm going to say use Alibaba's
uh new model as a backup. Right? So
let's try that right now. I'm going to
go into the settings of open router.
I'll do this in background. Obviously
I'm not going to show my API key on a
live stream. But if we grab a key in the
background, let's test this out. And
then I'm going to take the documentation
from Quen 3.6 six, right, which you can
use right here. So, if you want to know
exactly how to use um Hermes for free,
this is how you can do it, right? So,
you grab an API key from open router.
You take the documentation for the API
from open router like so. And then you
would go back to your Hermes AI agent,
whether you got that in Telegram or
whatever with the API key for open
router and just say, okay, can you use
this? Right? So, let's try that right
now. And then I'm going to grab the link
of the URL for Alibaba Quen 3.6 six plus
and then just give it to Hermes as well,
right? And so it can access that
directly. So super powerful stuff,
really easy to set up, really easy to
get it going. Um, you know, there's some
caveats to this. So like it's still not
100% perfect. And what I mean by that
is, for example, like it still, for
example, does things that I'm like, why
are you doing that? Right? But you can
see here, for example, we've actually
plugged in the details of Quen 3.6 and
now it's beginning to set that up
directly for us, which is awesome.
Right. So that was super simple and easy
and then it will put that inside its uh
credentials. Right. So we've talked
about how to build in the schedule
tasks, how to use self-improving skills.
You can use 200 different models via
open rout including the free one. So you
know how to use it free as well directly
which is awesome. And then also you can
have this inside telegram. So it's just
running in the cloud right which means
like you can access it from your phone
or whatever if you want to know how to
install it. So this actually works on
Linux, Mac OS and Windows, right? So you
can use it on Mac OS, Windows, um,
Linux, whatever you want. This is how to
set up. So this is you just run the
oneliner install, reload the shell, run
through the setup window, and then you
can start chatting with it. And if you
want to connect Telegram, you can use
these commands. The the commands for
terminal pretty easy and simple. And
then if you're still struggling, then no
problem because what you can actually do
is you can actually start using directly
inside uh Claude code. So you can just
give the GitHub link to the Claude code
and then go from there. If you're
wondering, okay, what can you do with
this? Here are some commands. So, you
can you can run through the setup. You
can switch LMS. You can add tools and
disable tools. You can start the gateway
as well. It's really easy to update. So,
for example, version 0.6 just came out
from Hermes today. And you can just use
a command Hermes update to get that set
up. And there's also a Hermes doctor to
fix as well. Now, additionally, what you
can also do, there's a new update here
where you can add multiple models. It's
called a gentic models inside Hermes.
And what this means is basically you can
add multiple different AI agents that
work together, right? [snorts] So if you
go back to here and we'll have a look at
release version 0.6, right? Which you
can see right here. They have something
called profiles, right? So profiles
means that you can create multiple
different AI agents that work together.
The way that you would do that is you go
into your terminal and you would type
something like Hermes profile create and
then you just name whatever you want it.
So for example, if you want to create a
separate agent profile, completely
different personality, completely
different skills, completely different
API skills, then you just create Hermes
profile create. That's what you type.
And then you name it. So it could be
like Hermes profile create Twitter.
Hermes profile create Julian Goldie,
whatever you want, right? And then you
can create this as you go along. So
super powerful, easy to set up, doesn't
take long at all. And from there, you
can you can just build out whatever you
want, right? Directly. Pretty simple and
easy. Now, if you're wondering, okay,
how do you build anything with this?
Well, I would say every Hermes
automations follows the same six-step
blueprint, right? And you master this
once and then you can automate whatever
you want. So, number one is like define
your trigger. What's going to kick it
off, right? So, for example, every 30
minutes, check trended topics, draft a
tweet, generate an image, and post it to
X, right? And then send me a Telegram
confirmation with the live link. That's
what we did for the Twitter automation.
And then you define your data sources,
right? Now, Hermes would typically tell
you what data sources it wants. So, for
example, it could want the API for X and
the developer platform if you're setting
up a X automation. If you were setting
up, for example, uh something like, you
know, creating websites, well, it might
want your netifi token cuz then it can
deploy websites to directly as well.
This bit I don't worry about, but then
you want to define the action, right?
So, you want to um make sure that you
define okay, what is it doing dayto-day?
And then that's basically it. So you
just give it the you test it once and
then you schedule it. And you can just
say, "Okay, give me a test or run a test
task inside Telegram and it will go off
and do it." So you define the trigger,
you give it the data sources, and then
you test it. And that's pretty much it.
That's a three-step process right there
for automating anything that you want
with with Hermes as you can see. So what
am I using right now? Well, for example,
I use right now the auto poster um like
you see on X right on Twitter. So it
basically it finds and creates really
good content and then posts it directly
and then also you can see for example
the competitor intelligence monitor. So
this basically scans through like
competitors and does research and then
it it checks basically okay what what
content is trending and which content
pieces are outliers and then how can we
create something similar or better right
the same for the daily AI news uh
scanner. So it can basically run live
and it can check okay what's going on
right now you know uh it scans AI news
sources six times daily and just
delivers what matters now when it does
that it's actually filtering
dduplicating and formatting everything
as well so it will basically give me a
breakdown of like what news topics are
trending right now and then how can we
create content around those too right
which is pretty cool and then also it
will give me a daily analytics so it
will look through my analytics for
social media and then give me a
screenshot of my analytics dashboard
which is super useful inside telegram 2
that's basically how it works right now
if you're wondering okay like how does
everything connect together well it's
basically four layers right inside
Hermes so every automation runs through
the same pipeline if you understand this
you can build whatever you want so step
number one is schedule tasks step number
two is the Hermes agent itself and then
you've got data and actions right so for
example connecting APIs directly to
Hermes agent and then that all gets
delivered inside my telegram it could be
for you it could be WhatsApp it could be
for example your terminal, whatever you
want. But basically, that's how to
connect and build more layers as you can
see inside Hermes agent. And then you
can also, for example, like if if I want
to generate like an image or a YouTube
thumbnail, for example, I can Google's
Nanabanana 2 API directly to Hermes,
which I've done, and then it can
generate images for me whenever I want,
right? Which is pretty nice as well. So,
it works pretty nicely like this. And by
the way, just coming back to Hermes
here, you can see that it's saved as a
backup model when the primary model
fails. Right? So, this is a new update.
And so, you've got a gentic profiles
where you can create multiple agents.
You've got this option where you've got
quen 3.6 uh 3.6 plus preview working for
free. There's an API inside your Hermes
agent. You can schedule tasks and you
can automate whatever you want directly
here. So, for example, if we're like,
okay, create a thumbnail about Hermes AI
agent, it will just go off and do that,
right? And it can generate it with Nano
Banana 2, which is pretty cool. Shackle
says, what is its brain? Right? So, its
brain is is the the AI you plug into it.
So, for me, for example, I'm using
Miniax 2.7 inside Hermes, but you can
use whatever you, right? But that's the
brain that I use directly inside here.
So, yeah, you can go with that. And then
also, for example, you've got the actual
infrastructure itself, right? So you've
got the the infrastructure from Noose
Research for making it self-improving.
So for example, it's briefed to improve
every single time and and just keep
improving all the time. So yeah, and
then there's there's all sorts of stuff
I could do in the future. Like for
example, it'd be really powerful for
SEO, you know, on page analysis, that
sort of thing. It would be great for
posting on LinkedIn, too. weekly summary
reports like compiling the performance
or even compiling like how much time I
saved each week with AI automation
scanning through my inbox and just
scanning like the newsletters and
filtering out the most relevant stories
then also like monitoring different
communities and that sort of thing. But
the main point here is like every
automation is just a prompt with a
schedule if you want to simplify as much
you can. So the more specific your
prompt is what to check, what to skip,
how to format, where to send, the
sharper the output is. And that's
basically how it goes. All right. Now,
if you want, let's see what we got here.
So, how many teams can it run? As many
teams as you want, but I wouldn't over
complicate it here, right? Like, I would
just make it super simple and easy and
and just use it the way that you want to
use it, right? The the more you can
simplify this, the better it's going to
be. But you could have Yeah, you could
have multiple teams. Bear in mind as
well, you can connect this to
paperclipip. So, if you want to build
out like a full, you know, accounting
versus marketing team or something like
that, well, then you could do that with
Hermes and Paperclip. And paperclipip
would help you structure the whole setup
so that it looks a lot nicer. If you've
never come across paperclipip, I've got
a lot of training on YouTube about it,
but basically this is a way to open
source orchestrate your teams of AI
agents. So they all work together.
Here's an example, right? So you can
have like a a CEO agent with a
organization chart. You can have open
claw and claw code all working together.
And there is a an extra GitHub setup for
using paperclipip with Hermes as well.
So that's one way you can do it directly
there. Oh, that's basically it peeps.
That's how to use and build anything
with Hermes. I've walked you through the
whole process. Walked you through how to
set up free APIs with this. Walked you
through how to create a full
organization of AI agents. How to create
multiple AI agent pro profiles. Some of
the automations I've set up as well. I
walked you through too. And um bear in
mind Hermes agent is free. And then the
API from Alibaba is free as well for
Quent 3.6. So you can just try it. See
what you think. I've shown you examples
of it working. It's pretty amazing. Out
of everything I've tested, it's been my
favorite so far. and I think it's got a
lot of potential. So, it's pretty
exciting and it's uh definitely worth
checking out. So, thanks so much for
watching. If you want to get a full road
map on this stuff, we've just added it
inside the AI profit boardroom. Right.
So, we've set up a full road map on how
to use Hermes Agent, how to automate
anything with it, a 30-day plan, and
that's all inside the AI profit
boardroom. Link in the comments
description or go to the AI
profitboarding.com. So, we got a 30-day
road map in there on how to use Hermes
AI agents. We show you exactly how to
automate this stuff step by step. We've
got 2,700 members in there, which is
great because you can connect with
people who are building AI agents with
Open Claw and Hermes. And if I had to
choose between the two, I would go with
Hermes at this point. Like, I think it's
just going to get better. Bear in mind,
it's only been released for like 30 days
and it's already become way more
powerful. Inside here, you get all my
best training. So, if you actually type
in Hermes in the search bar, you'll see
all my different road maps and trainings
and that sort of thing. We've got quick
deploy kits in there for for Hermes. We
have uh full 30-day road maps, 100
prompts on how to use this stuff. So,
it's all inside the AR profer boarding
link in the comments description. You
can post inside the community and get
help and support whenever you need it.
You can also jump on weekly automation
calls where we show you how to use stuff
like Hermes as well. You can connect
with people in your local city as well.
And that's all inside here. So, thanks
so much for watching. Appreciate as
always. I'll see you on the next one.
Cheers. Stop.